what is up everybody it is finally time
for us to unveil the name of the secret
project that we are working on formerly
known as project avatar now known
forever as project kaizen it is a
game-like experience built inside of
unreal engine that's going to allow us
to create very unique wallet aware
experiences phase one is going to allow
you to create yourself an incredible
avatar that you're going to be able to
mint unmint assemble reassemble and
change at a moment's notice this is what
we hope to be the first nft for many of
the people coming from web 2 into web 3
but it's also perfect for fanatics who
understand rarity distributions it's on
layer 2 gas free we have a primary
market a secondary market stay tuned for
more details join us in discord impact
theory discord on twitter on instagram
on tick tock project kaizen dot io all
right guys hope you join us see you
there